{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11500\viewh13260\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 MarensMexicanQuinoaCasserole\
\
Roughly triple recipe from {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://vegangela.com/2013/02/18/oven-baked-mexican-quinoa-casserole/"}}{\fldrslt http://vegangela.com/2013/02/18/oven-baked-mexican-quinoa-casserole/}}\
Serves 12-15\
\
3 onions\
1 head garlic\
2.5 cups uncooked quinoa\
4 x 14.5oz diced tomatoes, with liquid\
1/2 cup water\
3 Tbs tomato paste\
2 Tbs cumin\
2 Tbs oregano\
1.5 Tbs chili powder\
Salt & freshly ground pepper\
5 cans black beans, rinsed and drained\
+2 cans white beans if desired\
1 can corn, with liquid\
10 cups spinach\
4 tofu\
4 Tbs nutritional yeast\
4 jalape\'f1o or green chilis\
3 avocado\
cilantro\
hot sauce\
\
0. Cube and boil tofu.\
\
1. Preheat oven to 350F\
\
2. Saute onion, garlic, peppers on high heat until brown. Remove from heat.\
\
3. Add quinoa, diced tomatoes (with juice), water, tomato paste, and spices. Season with salt and pepper and stir to combine.\
\
4. Halfway fill (to leave space) as many oven-safe casserole dishes as necessary (we required 3 large dishes)  and place in oven and set timer for 30 minutes.\
\
5. Carefully remove casserole from oven and stir in drained beans and corn (with liquid). If the mixture looks dry, add a half cup of water.\
\
6. Return to oven and set timer for another 30 minutes.\
\
7. Carefully remove casserole from oven and stir in spinach. It will wilt from the heat.\
\
8. Crumble tofu over casserole. \
\
9. Top with diced avocado and/or cilantro and serve with hot sauce.\
\
10. IF FREEZING, Make full recipe but leave-out the spinach and toppings. Let cool and freeze in airtight container(s). To serve: defrost fully, lightly reheat (in microwave or on stovetop), stir in spinach and add toppings of choice.}