{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Originally from {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://thaifood.about.com/od/vegetarianthairecipes/r/Vegetarian-Thai-Yellow-Curry-Vegan-Gluten-Free.htm"}}{\fldrslt http://thaifood.about.com/od/vegetarianthairecipes/r/Vegetarian-Thai-Yellow-Curry-Vegan-Gluten-Free.htm}}\
\
Note: This recipe is vegan and also gluten-free, but only if the soy sauce is non-wheat.\
\
2 shallots\
1 yellow onion\
1 head garlic\
4 hot yellow chilies sliced\
2 tsp ground coriander\
4 tsp ground cumin\
1.5 tsp ground turmeric\
1 tsp ground white pepper\
4 bay leaves\
1 cup strong-tasting vegetable stock\
2 cans chickpeas\
2 carrots sliced\
1 stick celery cut very thinly perpendicular to length\
3/4 cup snow peas\
2 14 oz can coconut milk (1 full-, 1 reduced-fat)\
2 containers firm tofu\
3 Tbsp soy sauce\
3 limes\
4 Tbsp brown sugar\
4 Tbsp tomato puree (or tomato paste + water)\
1 Tsp whole cumin seed\
1/2 cup fresh thai basil\
5 Tbsp coconut oil\
1 cup rice for serving\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 How to Prep Tofu\
from \ul Thug Kitchen\
\ulnone \
1. Grab some extra firm tofu, drain it, wrap it in some paper towels or a clean dish cloth, put it between two plates, and put some weight on it like a can of beans. This presses out all the water it's packed in and makes room for flavor. This should take about 30 minutes to 1 hour. So you can grab a nap or something.\
\
2. Next, mix together your marinade in a shallow, rimmed dish like a pie plate - you know, something where all the tofu can marinate in one layer. \
\
3. Cut the tofu into width-wise planks no thicker than 1/4 inch. You should get about 12 pieces per brick of tofu. Throw that in the marinade, make sure all the pieces are covered, and let that sit in the fridge for at least 2 hours and up to 8. Stir it around every now and then if you can remember.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
--------------------\
\
1. Heat a LARGE wok over high heat, add and swirl coconut oil. Add shallots and onion, sautee 2-4 minutes until browning. Add ginger, garlic, and chili. Stir-fry 2 minutes. While stir-frying add dry spices: coriander, cumin, turmeric, white pepper, and bay leaves.\
\
2. Add stock plus chickpeas, carrot, tofu, snow peas (optional squash, potato if using), stir well. Add coconut milk and bring to a gentle boil.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 3. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer 10-12 minutes (for thicker curry do not cover). While simmering, add soy sauce, lime nice, brown sugar, and tomato puree. Finally, add whole cumin seed. Continue simmering until curry is desired thickness and vegetables cooked to your liking.\
\
4. Taste-test the curry, adding more soy sauce if you prefer it saltier/more flavorful. If too salty or sweet for your liking, add more lime juice. Add more sugar if you find it too sour. More chili can be added for more spice.\
\
5. Top with fresh basil and serve over rice, with red pepper flakes on hand.}