{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12680\viewh14500\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Nathan\'92s Tempeh Mac & Cheese\
\
***The tempeh marinade is from {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.thugkitchen.com/summer_tempeh_sammie"}}{\fldrslt http://www.thugkitchen.com/summer_tempeh_sammie}}\
\
8 oz tempeh\
olive oil\
\
marinade:\
1/2 cup veggie broth or water\
1/4 cup sherry vinegar or apple cider vinegar\
3 Tbsp tamarin or soy sauce\
2 Tbsp your favorite smoky hot sauce (chipotle pepper suggested)\
1 Tbsp lemon juice\
3 cloves garlic\
a couple shakes of black pepper\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\sa360

\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Cut of the garlic into small pieces. In a large glass mix together all the marinade ingredients. Cut the tempeh width-wise into about 1/3-1/2 inch pieces. You should end up with about 16 finger-sized pieces. Put the tempeh in a shallow container like a pie pan or some tupperware, I don\'92t know what kind of shit you have in your kitchen. Pour the marinade over and let the tempeh soak in that shit for about 30 minutes. It can marinate for up to an hour but if you let it go too long it can taste really fucking salty so keep your eye on the clock.\
Once the tempeh has marinated for long enough heat up the oil over a medium heat in a large skillet or wok. Keep the marinade. Lay the tempeh down in one layer and cook that shit until it starts to brown, about 4-6 minutes on each side. When it starts to look a little dry in there or the tempeh feels like it might be sticking just add a couple spoonfuls of the marinade. See, aren\'92t you fucking glad you didn\'92t throw that shit away?\
Once the tempeh is browned on both sides then you are ready to make 
\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 mac & cheese! Cut up tempeh and add to your favorite box of mac & cheese.}